Add contentType metadata field  GCP Storage Bucket Binding (#4846)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/gcpbucket.md

| `client_x509_cert_url` | N | Output | If using explicit credentials, this field should contain the `client_x509_cert_url` field from the service account json | `https://www.googleapis.com/robot/v1/metadata/x509/<PROJECT_NAME>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`|
| `decodeBase64` | N | Output | Configuration to decode base64 file content before saving to bucket storage. (In case of saving a file with binary content). `true` is the only allowed positive value. Other positive variations like `"True", "1"` are not acceptable. Defaults to `false` | `true`, `false` |
| `encodeBase64` | N | Output | Configuration to encode base64 file content before return the content. (In case of opening a file with binary content). `true` is the only allowed positive value. Other positive variations like `"True", "1"` are not acceptable. Defaults to `false` | `true`, `false` |

> | `contentType` | N | Output | The MIME type to set for objects created in the bucket. If not specified, GCP will attempt to auto-detect the content type. | `"text/csv"`, `"application/json"`, `"image/png"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `contentType` | N | Output | The MIME type to set for objects created in the bucket. If not specified, GCP attempts to auto-detect the content type. | `"text/csv"`, `"application/json"`, `"image/png"` |
```
